my god think Rachel's here
me chip and I broke up
but what happened well you know how my
parents are out of town and chip was
gonna come over yeah yeah and you're
gonna give me know who you flower Monica
can you just call it sex it really
creeps me out when you call it that okay
by the way while we're at it a guy's
thing is not called his tenderness
believe me
everyone this is Chandler my roommate
and lead singer of our band Ross oh this
is Monica I'm Ross's little sister okay
I'm so glad you could come chant they've
got plenty of food so I hope you're
hungry mom Chandler hates Thanksgiving
and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food Oh
oh I'm so glad you brought him here then
Chandler um if you want I can make you
some macaroni and cheese for dinner
well so long as the pilgrims didn't eat
it then I'm in damn it
so uh Rach does it doesn't feel weird
around here now you know since I've been
away at college oh not really
that's cool so I cannot believe chip
dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson I
am never going out with him again you
know I don't care how much he begs
I think his begging days are over now
he's going out with Nancy Branson you
know what I've just had it with high
school boys they're just silly they're
just silly stupid boys I'm gonna start
dating men but I'm sorry Judy I couldn't
find that ball you and Jack we're
looking for
call them mom and dad you loser hey
Chandler
did you like the macaroni and cheese oh
yeah it was great you should be a chef
okay all that stuff about Nancy Branson
being a slut was all a rumor so chip
dumped her and he wants to come over to
my house tonight oh that's so if you and
chip do it tonight
um promise me you'll tell me everything
Oh totally totally you know it's not
that big a deal we already kind of did
it once you know I know no this time
you're gonna definitely know whether or
not you did it no and she promised that
that this time it would last at least
for an entire song so I'm thinking of
asking Rachel out tonight it'll may be
playing her in that song we wrote last
week emotional knapsack yeah right on oh
but don't take too long okay because uh
you know we're gonna test out our fake
IDs tonight right Clifford Alverez
listen rolled in Chang well I may be out
with her all night dude don't do that to
me all right it's cool you can stay here
my parents won't mind no it's not that I
just wanna be stuck here all night with
your fat sister hey
Monica why don't you finish off these
bags I don't have any more room in the
fridge Oh No thank you
well Judy you did it she's finally full
I called you fat I don't even remember
that well I do I'm so sorry I really am
but come on I was an idiot back then I
rushed the stage at a Wham concert for
crying out loud